---
title: "Notes"
bg: black
color: '#d4cdcd'
fa-icon: thumb-tack
---

#### I wanted my keyboard to be a bit different

I really liked @lucwastiaux's stainless steel plate
[design](https://github.com/technomancy/atreus/tree/master/case/lasergist_steel_plates)
but since I'd bought the full kit I had different switches and the
holes in the lasergist design files weren't right.

Instead of steel, I decided to get some experience using
[Ponoko](https://www.ponoko.com/) to cut acrylic; I imported
@technomancy's eps files into Affinity Designer, massaged them a bit
to meet Ponoko's requirements and placed them on a P3 sheet of 3mm red
matte acrylic.  There's leftover room on the P3 sheet, you could
probably include spacers and do away with the nuts if you prefer.

- Here's the Affinity Designer [file](/img/ponoko.afdesign).
- Here's the resulting [eps file](/img/ponoko.eps).

*Heads Up*: these include my email on the bottom plate, you might want
to use *yours*&hellip;.

I liked the look of @lucwastiaux's nuts and bolts but since my top
plate is thicker than his I ended up screwing the top and bottom
plates into the 8mm [nut][nuts] with 8mm low-profile socket head
[screws][bolts] (see below).  This has the added benefit of no sharp
screw edges, since there are socket heads on both the top and the
bottom.  The "black-oxide" coating looks great.

#### Assembly

This was my biggest soldering project to date.  I used a [Hakko F888D
soldering iron][iron] with a small chisel tip (T18-D08).  I didn't tin
it properly at first and had trouble getting it to actually melt the
solder (I was worried that I'd killed the iron).  I cleaned it up with
a bit of very find sandpaper, tinned it and all was well.

@technomancy's instructions were great, pay attention and you'll be
fine.  I wanted to use the "red linear switches" from the kit for my
meta keys and ended up unsoldering a couple of the normal ones that
I'd soldered into place by mistake.  Measure twice, cut once&hellip;.

Otherwise everything went according to plan.

[bolts]: https://www.mcmaster.com/#93070A064
[iron]: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01DUPRXCE/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B01DUPRXCE&linkCode=as2&tag=daisydog01-20&linkId=94e8aec9011ab4db1bb0098e97861fce
[nuts]: https://www.mcmaster.com/#94868A603
